Hey,
what's going on?
It's bill burr and it's the Monday morning podcast from Monday,
January 21st,
2013 how's it go?
And you get the day off on Matt King Day.
Is it Martin Luther King Day?
I think it is.
I'm not sure.
I have no fucking idea.
Um,
I saw it mentioned,
somebody said something about Martin Luther King on the Internet,
on Facebook,
and it was a white guy.
So I figured white guys will only comment about mountain Martin Luther King
around Martin Luther King Day.
So I'm going with that.
You know,
this is one of these times a year where it's fucking George Washington Day in
Lincoln Day that's present.
Is this the same day?
This?
Well,
there's a couple of these days here.
We're,
all of a sudden everybody's got a day off and I'm suspecting that people have a
day off because,
uh,
I went over to nhl.com to see if the Bruins were playing tonight.
And Lo and behold,
they're playing right now,
one to one after one period,
you know,
and I'm like,
well,
who the fuck is at that gate?
Shouldn't everybody be at work.
And I was like,
wait a minute.
Some white guy said something about Martha.
Ah,
Shit.
It's a fucking day off.
It's a beautiful day off in the neighborhood.
[inaudible] um,
how great is it that hockey's back for hockey fans?
I can't believe how much I missed it.
Um,
I actually started this podcast late cause I wanted to watch the first period,
um,
on my computer.
I watched a ton of sports this weekend.
I will get to the football in my patriots losing.
Um,
which dude,
what?
Fuck it,
I'll get to a right now.
I did I call it or did I call it [inaudible] been telling you all year the
Patriots different stinks and that fucking what's his face?
Tay?
Leave quietly over the fuck you say his name.
That guy was the glue that was holding that thing together.
He was shutting down that whole side of the field when he pulled up lame with
his hamstring.
There I was,
I texted Versie I said,
watch Joe FLACCO air quote heat up.
And that was the end of it.
And uh,
that's it.
I don't know how many more fucking examples you need.
I don't give a shit how good your quarterback is.
If you don't have a fucking defense,
you're gonna lose.
And I shut it off before I had to watch Ray Lewis cry again and thank Jesus,
you know,
for helping them to win this football game when Jesus does not give a shit.
You know,
I would never say this to Ray Lewis.
I wouldn't even say it to his nostrils.
Okay.
I don't know why.
It's the first thing I thought of when that guy gets going is fucking no starts
flaring.
He's literally like a God they bull probably forget about what are the greatest,
he's basically the lt of a,
I
wouldn't even say he's not,
no one's Lt lts lt,
but whatever.
He's the closest thing to lt that the AFC has ever had.
But uh,
when that guy gets going,
man,
I just,
you know,
he's the kind of guy you would just agree to.
Whatever the fuck he was saying once he fucking gets going.
You know,
I,
I watched a thing on Ray Lewis one time.
I think I've brought this up before.
They did a behind the scenes,
whatever you know,
beyond the lines
with,
without that original ESPN guy.
Right.
And they did a whole thing on fucking Ray Lewis and Ray Lewis was talking about
his dad that took off on him.
I don't know if you guys have ever seen this.
And uh,
he and ray went to the same high school his dad went to and he always wanted his
dad to show up to a game and his dad never showed up.
So he just started breaking his dad's records and he starts getting all intents.
He's like,
and in every record that I broke and their play in this fucking keyboard in the
background,
just one note,
just an,
and it's intense fucking one with this weird effect on it.
That was the most intense thing I ever saw in my life.
I though it was so fucking unreal.
I actually,
I went to the gym for two weeks straight.
That's how,
that's how inspiring ray Lewis's
every day I'd wake up and I,
you know,
after like three days,
I start slipping back into who I really am,
which is a fucking pussy.
He wants to lay on the couch and eat cheese doodles by just kept hearing.
As you know,
I just kept hearing,
you know,
ray Lewis would go to the gym.
Ray Lewis is at the fucking gym right now
doing butterflies with his nostrils,
you know,
just flaring them out.
So anyways,
yeah,
I didn't stick around to watch that.
Jesus does not care,
you know,
or God or,
or Galloway,
whoever the fuck he pray to.
You got to think that,
you know,
I had of his laundry lists of dreams that he's going to make true would probably
be people a,
I'm being held captive.
Uh,
I think they're going to saw my head off on Al Jazeera.
I,
I make
Nike fucking sneakers and a sweatshop.
How bout,
uh,
how bout a cubicle?
God,
can you hook me up?
How about every other Saturday?
Maybe I could only work 17 hours.
I think those prayers are a little higher on the,
uh,
on the list,
you know,
then can I please when this,
this,
this footy game.
But um,
anyways,
I'm actually excited about the Superbowl now.
I was kind of glad the Patriots lost in a way because I didn't want to see Tom
Brady lose another fucking Superbowl and listened to morons below.
Oh,
was it for now?
Now what's with them?
Like you can literally like,
oh,
he was the shit and could win Superbowls in what now he forgot how to do it.
You know,
I,
I don't,
I can't,
I can't talk to people.
I can't talk to people who do shit.
I,
and also like people who will be like the pages Gilligan with fucking 90 half
point fave,
which eight and a half a game time.
What the fuck dude?
What a fucking upset.
Right?
You know that fucking Espn Shit.
Look,
this is the deal.
Morons,
morons in general gamble on football and when playoffs come around playoffs
every more.
It's like the super bowl.
Everybody who didn't even fucking watch shows up to watch that Goddamn game.
And this is same thing with playoffs.
These gamblers who don't watch come out of the fucking weekend,
warrior gamblers,
they come out,
they don't know shit about football.
You know,
they barely watch it,
but they know Tom Brady and bill Belichick.
Oh,
they play in,
let me put some money on them.
That's why the spread is so wide.
You know what I mean?
That's what that,
that's basically what it is.
It's,
it's Vegas is trying to get money on both sides of the ball.
So what they have to do is,
because there's so many fucking rubes out there who the second they see Tom
Brady and that dimple in his chin and his fucking [inaudible],
they're going to throw down a hundred bucks on him basically.
At that point,
if the Patriots win,
they're gonna lose their shirts.
So they got,
they got a fucking expand the spread.
Everybody else who's been watching all year,
it's like,
well wait a minute.
The fucking patriots played the Ravens earlier this year and the game was 31 to
30 we'll let them 30 fucking points to this team.
Only one by one.
Why the fuck would we be nine and a half point favorites a mere four months
later,
you know,
I don't know.
Or is this hindsight?
Is 2020?
I'm just saying whatever.
Congratulations to the ravens.
Uh,
once again,
your defense has got you there.
And I,
for one,
I'm going to Ms. Ray Lewis,
but I am not going to miss playing the fucking ravens with that goddamn defense.
I'm not.
And I think you have Trent Dilfer 2.0 at quarterback.
I'm not buying into this guy actually had a conversation with somebody and I was
like,
I don't even like,
he goes,
Yep,
come on man.
He goes,
he doesn't stink.
He's in the top 10 in the league.
I don't think he is.
I think he's like 12.
You know,
I would put Peyton Brady breeze,
Aaron Rodgers.
I put Matt running ahead of him and I kept my voice crack when I said Matt Ryan
People,
I will put me Ryan ahead of him.
I'd rather have an what the fuck is with my boy.
Okay.
Um,
I got to go see a nutritionist.
So it says here on your chart that you're experiencing phlegm and your voice is
cracking on your podcast.
Um,
I put,
I put Andrew Luck.
I'd read them.
Andrew luck than Joe Flacco.
Who else can I throw out there to Piss off some Baltimore Fan?
Then I can be pissed.
They're in the Superbowl.
So here we go.
Harbaugh versus Harbaugh competing for daddy's attention.
Who Do you think's going to win?
You know,
I'll tell you right now,
this is the only way I feel the ravens are going to win.
Okay.
Because I,
I,
this is Jim Harbaugh.
Ah,
I think,
okay.
The only thing he has to worry about is right now he is unbelievably under
nourished.
Yeah.
Am I the only guy who's noticed the transformation in his fucking chest,
his neck,
his shoulders and his face?
He,
he used to be fucking jacked and I swear to God,
I think that that guy is looking at x's and o's and some walk in closet in the
bowels of fucking candle stick for like 20 hours a day and he's not eating
because now he's wearing dockers.
He starting to look like Bill Clinton used to look before the heart attack.
We've got those mother and hips and he's,
he's getting all fucking gaunt.
Somebody's got to get that guy,
his steak,
you know,
get them some suck.
Some fucking,
uh,
what do you call those things?
Dumb bells.
Get him something perfect pushup.
I Dunno what it is.
He doesn't give a fuck how he dresses.
He's been wearing that stupid black pullover,
that linty thing with those dockers.
Mandy,
he,
he's,
he's scaring me.
You know,
somebody get that guy is say,
I want you to be like,
listen,
I know you're driven,
but for the love of God,
can you fucking eat something?
We're right.
We're right on the cusp.
Um,
but I,
you know,
I don't have any major predictions other than I think the 40 niners are going to
win.
I think they're going to,
I think that,
uh,
I just don't,
I think that defense is good enough.
I don't feel,
you know,
I don't fuck,
I don't know shit about the Ford 49 is a weird,
they play the Patriots.
They put up 31 points on it on us and our shade defense,
and then they play Seattle,
which I think is the debt teams,
the future and the NFC,
if they can keep everybody there,
they got that unbelievable defense.
They fucking shut them down,
right?
Yeah.
They play the falcons.
The falcons are fucking scoring points like Goddamn pinball machine to start it
out.
So I don't know.
I don't know that I have that much faith in those guys as much as I did a few
months ago.
But I do know this.
I don't think anybody listening really gives a fuck.
Good Lord.
Am I turning into one of those analysts?
If I'm the fucking 49 his defense,
I gotta be thinking,
um,
oh,
here's one.
Did you guys watch,
uh,
did you guys watch the Lance Armstrong,
Oprah Winfrey in depth interview?
Yeah.
Hang on one second.
Let me,
let me do a little advertising before I get into that,
because that's going to be a fucking long one.
Uh,
what do we got here?
Have you buddy
legal zoom,
legal zoom is back on the podcast and old friend comes back.
Coming here to help you once again.
Um,
anyways,
you know what to you need to accomplish at the start of this year?
Huh?
Have you been sitting around?
Oh wait,
that's a statement.
You know what you need to accomplish at the start of this new year.
Sorry.
This is new copy.
You need to think about legal protection for your family and business.
Uh,
but where you turn for affordable legal solutions,
you can trust legal zoom.com with an a rating from the better business bureau.
That's huge.
By the way,
if you get the a rating from the better business bureau,
you know,
especially if you can do something as important as are protecting your family
and you're going to do an online,
you know,
you don't want to go to scumbag.com right.
With an a rating for from the better business bureau.
Legal Zoom has been helping families and businesses get personalized legal
protection for the past 12 years.
They've been in business 12 years and they're still getting an egg,
which means they've been treating people right.
Whether you need to incorporate your business from an LLC to protect your family
with the will or living trust.
All legal zoom documents are state specific and they're step by step process
makes it simple and with legal zoom you can even access an extensive network of
legal plan attorneys for guidance.
A legal zoom is not a law firm.
You can get self help services that your specific direction or you can speak to
a legal legal plan attorney,
sorry to get your questions answered and get ongoing advice for another year.
Passes,
passes you by.
Cross a couple of things off your New Year's checklist
today@legalzoomdotcomandsaveapileofmoneywhiledoingitenteredberbeeyouareandthereferralboxandcheckoutforevenmoresavingsatlegalzoom.com
could.
Lord,
is that just literally directed at me?
I got to do all of that stuff.
I got to get a will.
You know,
I gotta make sure all my ducks are in a row here considering I fly every other
weekend.
Did you see that frigging story with a,
yeah,
they had a ground,
that airplane,
they had a problem with the battery had the problem with the battery,
you know,
like your car,
except it's a fucking plane,
you know,
I don't know what the hell I'm talking about.
All right,
let's get back to Lance Armstrong.
So Oprah had an in depth interview with Lance Armstrong was a dump.
It was actually fucking hilarious.
I was watching it with the lovely Nia and uh,
I was just laughing my ass off.
It was,
it was phenomenal.
Like she's sitting there going like,
um,
so we,
we,
you basically injecting,
you know,
fucking horse Jizz steroids into you for every race.
And he's like,
yes,
I will.
I wait for all tours.
He's like,
yes,
I was.
She's like,
did you consider it cheating?
And he's like,
ah,
at the time,
no,
I didn't.
It's like a course he didn't,
you know,
what pissed me off about Lance,
I guess it was kind of a good move on his part that he didn't go like Oprah.
Did you do any research into this sport?
Did you notice the top 20 guys?
We're all fucking doing this shit to,
you got to fight fire with fire.
You can't bring a knife to a gun fight if everybody else is jacked up.
I got to be jacked up too.
For Fuck Sakes.
The worst thing.
No,
I didn't.
I actually liked the opera interview and it was kind of funny watching her be
dumbfounded.
Bye.
This guy's complete lack of,
uh,
you know,
just not giving a shit when he was cheating.
Um,
and then the whole thing was funny to me,
cause I,
you know,
I'm old enough to remember when Oprah used to interview fucking midgets who want
to fuck their mailman's brother,
you know,
so I dunno,
I feel like she kinda cheated her way up to,
didn't shake.
Then you kind of host a carnival shelf to get where you are acting and then all
of a sudden you went like,
wait a minute.
I've been doing some soul searching.
That's completely not the same thing.
I just like making fun of Oprah.
So,
um,
anyways,
they do the whole interview and then,
uh,
they go on ESPN.
This,
this was like ESPN this week was just a total mail hissy fit.
You know,
that stupid Notre Dame story.
Have you ever seen more of a non fucking story in your life?
Why do I give a shit about that?
He didn't lie to me.
I don't even care if he knew it was a made up person and he wanted more
attention.
I think that's fucking hilarious.
That's hilarious to me.
And if he got away with it,
good for him.
I don't give a fuck.
Why don't,
why do I give a shit
if anybody for the love of God,
like four or five days.
So this is that it takes today.
It takes another bizarre turn.
I don't know.
I,
you know what,
I so don't give a fuck.
I don't even have anything funny to say about it.
You know,
it's funny that Nia finally wanted to pay attention to ESPN and uh,
what I ended up doing was I,
cause I couldn't listen to it for more than a minute.
I just hit record on sports center for the first time ever.
I recorded sports center for her and I had to turn the channel because I don't
give a shit about a football players love life.
You know,
nobody died,
right?
Nobody got killed.
There was no nobody.
You know,
you would have thought a double murder happened to.
I don't know.
So anyways,
so I'm watching fucking Rick Riley,
Rick Riley's talking about Lance Armstrong and I guess Rick Riley was backing
Lance and he was just having this hissy fit about his reputation because he back
Lance Armstrong like anybody gives a flying fuck about Rick Riley
when Lance Armstrong,
when he finally,
you know,
came out that he did it.
Did anybody go like,
oh my God.
Now what happens to Rick Riley?
Like he made that whole fucking thing about himself.
You know he made,
he said they're going,
he made me look like a fool.
I was typing things,
supporting him.
Rick,
relax.
Nobody's blaming you.
Nobody gives a flying.
Fuck this.
This really isn't on you.
This is about lance.
This isn't about you.
Okay,
so why don't you just close laptop,
fucking relax.
Okay.
Like he felt betrayed.
It's like,
Rick,
what are you fucking special?
He lied to the whole world.
He's not going to lie to you.
Like,
Hey,
listen,
I know I just went on national television and said that I,
uh,
I,
I don't cheat in those races,
but I,
I actually am cheating.
Uh,
I've cheated every race and I plan to continue cheating in the future.
And now that you know that,
um,
I have to kill you.
You know,
I don't know.
I was really hoping for more on all both of those subjects.
I was hoping that I was going to have something a little more funnier.
You don't,
is I just,
I'm worn out.
I don't give a F.
I,
I've just,
I watched that fucking game yesterday and we lost and Nia was going to go see
lady Gaga last night and at the last second,
her friend bailed actually the day before her friend bailed.
So she goes,
do you want to go?
Would you go with me?
And I was just like,
yeah,
I'll fucking go to that.
I'll go to it.
And I'm a comedian.
I need to know what the fuck's going on in pop culture.
I will go to this stuff and I would go to this thing.
And she goes,
do you realize how funny is it going to be if somebody who listens to your
podcast is at that thing and sees you at that?
And I said,
yeah,
it's going to be fucking hilarious.
So I went down there and get ready to see,
you know,
no,
let,
let's,
let's tell this in chronological Ori Order.
I'm watching the Patriots game over a buddy of mine's house and I'm just
pounding beers.
I don't know why I bought a 12 pack.
They were set up and I just felt like I had to knock them all down.
And I think,
I think I had at least seven of them,
if not eight.
And somebody else who was digging into him too.
I can't fucking remember
one of those things where you're not really totally hammered,
but you forget your sunglasses.
You don't like that kind of level drunk.
So,
and how I got to race home and,
uh,
you know,
shut myself off in the third quarter,
just like I'm at the game.
I just start drinking waters and eating fucking chicken wings and shit and a
sober up jump in the car,
drive home,
put on a shirt.
Oh wait,
no,
we took a cab.
That's right.
We ended up taking a cab over to staples center and we miss the open act,
which I'm like bonus,
cause I know I'm not going to like them.
And we come fucking walking into the staples center and right as the show starts
and lady Gaga comes out of a fake castle on a horse and starts walking around
the arena and you only do that big thing.
Now they got like the big fucking half a semi circle loop with a bunch of
fucking raven kids in the middle of it.
And um,
that's what started it off.
And then she sang one of her songs and then,
uh,
then she went back into the castle and then all of a sudden it looked like it
was a Turkey with its legs.
Yeah.
And,
uh,
she came out of the vagina that unzipped it and came out of that,
you know?
Yeah.
And then sang another fucking song,
you know,
bunch of shredded gay guys,
old five,
six,
seven,
eight,
all at the same fucking time.
And then she just starts spewing this fucking self-help Horse Shit,
you know,
doing that stupid dramatic pause to milk the crowd.
She says like,
you know,
it's great to be here today.
Los Angeles there is like,
okay,
okay.
The message out there for anyone who's ever felt different,
if you feel different.
No,
they blah,
blah,
blah.
Fucking bullshit about being,
it was literally like,
it was like gay spinal tap.
Yeah.
And it was honestly,
it was a terrible fucking show.
Terrible show.
The fucking dancing was terrible.
She can sing,
but she stinks.
It dancing.
She's on a fucking horse.
She comes out of a vagina.
How many times has that been done?
Why did you come out of the vagina,
Lady Gaga?
Let me guess.
This album was a rebirth for you.
You fucking hack ripping off Madonna right left.
First of all,
she's got that one song that I've,
I don't know what Madonna's song is.
I never know.
I,
whenever I hear it,
I start singing the other Madonna song.
She right,
she's ripping off Madonna right down.
She had a black Jesus,
okay.
And the crowds eating it up.
And I'll,
and I,
at first I'm like,
you gotta be fucking,
she's doing the black Jesus thing,
like a prayer.
Am I the only gun?
I looked around,
I was like,
Oh my God,
I'm old.
I'm fucking old.
And I'm sitting there and all I want to do is just start trashing.
I want to start heckling,
which I did a couple of times in Nia just gave me the look and I was like,
I can't ruin this for her.
She was going to go here with somebody else who's going to be waving glow
sticks.
And I agreed to come here.
I can't be a cunt.
So,
um,
I'm not gonna lie to you.
I sat down after the first fucking song and,
uh,
it was really difficult to listen to.
It was really fucking annoying.
Way More knowing that I thought I was going to be I that that was gonna be all
right.
You know,
it's still going to be on some level.
Appreciate it.
This is pop shit.
I can try to come here and enjoy this shit,
and it was,
it just really wasn't a good show.
I can't fucking,
okay.
Oh,
with the stupid dramatic pauses,
why does singers always have to look up in the air halfway through a sentence
and just get another applause break?
I saw a band the other night and this little fucking club and the guy was doing
that.
He was like,
you know,
this is the first time.
Then he looks up to see you like,
and it's just dead silence and then the crowd always gives into the fucking
silence.
I don't know if they feel uncomfortable with and they just feel they have to
fill it up by going,
Woo.
Then the guy finishes the sentence that we'd been in Los Angeles in three years.
It's like,
why couldn't you just complete that sentence?
Why couldn't you just go,
hey,
you know,
this is the first time we've been in Los Angeles for La for like three years and
we're happy to be back cause you guys are great fans.
You could do that and like fucking what was that?
How long did it take me to say that?
3.5 seconds.
It takes him like 30 seconds.
Los Angeles is a city
that's on the west coast of this country and you know,
I was fucking horrible.
So anyways,
Lady Gaga is on stage.
I can't believe I have this fucking story.
I feel like I dreamed it.
Um,
she just goes,
she's fixed finishes another one,
her fucking horseshit songs.
I think at that point she was like dry humping a Yak to protest,
uh,
some sort of Middle Eastern thing.
I don't know what the fuck was going on.
And by the way,
they heard drummer was the shit.
And I really would have enjoyed watching him,
but he appeared to be in the dungeon section inside the fucking castle because
God forbid that somebody else out on the fucking stage taken away from your
fucking horse shit.
Oh my.
And then she had,
she had two plants in the crowd
to clear fucking plant.
She calls some fucking young gay kid on the crowd and tells him it's okay.
And the kid starts fucking cause like,
how did you get his number?
When did you get his number?
How did they have a miked up?
How can I hear this guy clear as fucking day talking into a fucking cell phone
that's going through the roof of the staple center to outer space,
back down to the fucking through the roof again to lady Gaga who's got drapes
around her fucking head,
right?
Crowds eat it up like,
oh my God,
she's a sate look at her reaching out.
Right?
And then the worst part was she sitting there dancing around and she's only a
little bit better dancer than I am and I'm fucking horrific.
So she's up there.
Um,
and then she goes,
where's that guy with the green hair and the crowd get up on the stage,
you know,
cause she's so down to earth and the dude,
the green hair dude gets up on the fucking stage,
shirtless shredded.
Right?
So right there,
you know it's a plant,
although there were a lot of gay guys there and gay guys are always fucking
shredded,
so I'll give him the benefit of the doubt on that.
So the shirtless fucking shredded dude with the green hair gets on,
runs up the runway,
doing his best to act like he's shocked,
and then they go into this fucking dance routine in this dude knows every
fucking move right down to when to leave with the other dancers and walk into
the castle.
It's like,
why is he going into the castle?
I thought he wasn't just some random guy you pulled out of the fucking crowd.
Should he go back to his God damn seat?
How much of a grumpy cunt to my that I'm really ripping the shit up for.
It was fucking I,
I gotta tell you.
I was really,
I was really disappointed.
I felt like I put myself in them in the head space where I could enjoy this.
I was already seven beers in,
I grabbed a little bit of Mcdonald's on the way in,
had a quarter pounder with cheese and some French fries.
I'm like,
all right,
let's see.
Uh,
let's see this fucking,
let's see this.
I know she can sing so it should be halfway decent and it was just was Ah,
and in the songs and then just sitting there with fucking every time drapes
around her face.
It's like when are you just going to accept your nose?
We get it,
you know like your nose but you're afraid to get a nose job cause you think it's
going to change the sound of your voice just for when do you get you sitting
there telling all these young gay kids,
it's okay that they're different in air.
It is.
You can't even accept your face walking around like that chick from the ring,
your hair all in your God damn face.
Fucking awful
it finish it every song and then she just sit there.
I'll wrapped and drapes in the being,
breathing into the mic,
which was super fucking annoying.
And then she was like,
I hope you guys are having a good time today
cause if you're not,
I don't give a fuck.
I said I don't give up.
Whole crowd goes nuts.
And then she proceeds to give a fucking speech about how much she doesn't give a
fuck.
Goes over to another shredded gay guy,
fucking backup dancer.
You know,
hey fucking soliloquy.
Do you,
do you give a fuck?
He's like,
I don't give a fuck.
Hey either.
Either.
I think that's when I heckled and I got my first dirty look from the air because
it's literally like,
you know,
if you don't give a fuck,
get on with the not giving a fuck,
why would you stop and give a speech?
You know,
that's something I've learned in life is if you don't give a fuck,
you just,
you,
you don't say you don't give a fuck.
If you don't give a fuck other people,
they recognize it and they say it for you.
Hey Dude,
you know,
you know that kid,
uh,
you know,
like Kid Mike.
Yeah,
I do that kid that he doesn't give a fuck.
Seriously,
that cute.
And then you tell the fucking story.
But Mike isn't walking around gone,
you know,
telling everybody that he doesn't give a fuck.
She clearly gives a fuck.
She gives a fuck how she looks.
I don't think she likes the way she looks.
And I think that that's why she fucking walking around with an Afghan or
fucking,
I don't know what you call it,
upholstery,
Oliver fucking face.
I Dunno.
Whatever will should,
I just enjoyed the,
the,
I don't know if they're the fucking,
I dunno what I was really,
I mean,
as dumb as this sounds,
I went there with some sort of expectations and I just,
you know,
I thought the drummer was the best part of the fucking show and he was,
he was in a castle and I couldn't fucking see him.
Granted his,
his drum strix we're lit up so I could seek some of this shit that he was doing.
But uh,
okay.
I Dunno.
And then there was some sort of,
there was some sort of story going on.
I felt like they were like workshopping a musical and they didn't really have
the full story.
They just kept being this face that would blow up.
And it was lady Gaga is,
and she would just be speaking monotone,
like she was some sort of Zombie,
which I guess was supposed to give it some sort of depth.
Can you guys believe that if somebody's 44 going to be 45 is wasting this much
time talking about how I was disappointed at a lady Gaga concert as if that
fucking show in any shape or form was designed to appeal to some fucking
redheaded cont like make,
you know,
whatever.
I had to get that out because there's a chance in the end might be coming down
to the podcast and I did a real good job.
Okay.
Not taking the piss out of that show when I was there and not ruining it for,
but,
uh,
anyways,
fucking,
it was really bad.
Okay.
You know what I mean?
Even Madonna concerts back in the fucking day.
Oh,
that was another thing that she fucking said she was going like,
you know,
when I started out,
uh,
dramatic
pause,
people didn't think that I could bring the underground gay scene to the
mainstream.
You know,
it's like,
why are you ignoring Madonna?
Didn't Madonna do that like 20 years ago?
Yeah.
Then the village people kind of start it.
You always funny about
like
it was so it was,
that shit was so fucking underground in the 70s,
right into the 80s that morons like me didn't know that like half the people you
were listening to what gay you had?
No,
even though like you'd be listening to a band called Queen and the guy's
prancing around.
Okay.
In is in fucking why don't know what the diapers,
adult diapers,
I don't know what he was doing walking around barefoot.
You still like the music was you,
didn't you
still in?
No,
I watched the other day I was watching this Judas Priest concert,
uh,
I forget where the fuck they were.
It was like in the early eighties.
Okay.
And Rob Halford is coming out like in like literally fucking
yeah,
like essence,
this SNM outfit
and he had no fucking idea.
Um,
I know there's like 20 guys like that.
It was still an but like that Madonna's shit when she knew that all add Vogan
crap.
That was like 20,
almost 25 years at this point.
So I don't know.
I think that's just what it is.
I think I'm just an old fucking guy and I imagine when I was watching whatever
the fuck I was watching,
they were all going to Zeplin did this like 15 years ago as I'm sitting there
freaking out watching a band called Cinderella.
I think that was the point of it.
No offense to lady Gaga fans.
I think I just realized how fucking old day was all right and I just watched my
team loose.
Okay.
stamps.com everybody,
uh,
intro,
not supposed to read intro part.
Um,
if you haven't heard yet,
postage rates are changing again.
You know what that means.
The post office will be even more crowded than usual.
Yeah.
Cause a bunch of old people running down there to get this stamps because the
bankers stole their 401k.
Okay.
That's the real story behind this advertising on stamps.com.
That's why I use stamps.com to send out all my DVDs each and every week.
By the way,
the hardcopy of you people have all the same.
Is going to be coming out soon and I will be selling that at the end of all my
live shows and eventually on my website.
And how will I get those DVDs to my shows?
We'll I'll be using stamps.com dog dog gone it.
Um,
why?
Because I can buy and print official US postage right from my drat desk using my
own computer and printer stamps.com always updates the postage rates for you
automatically.
And unlike those postage meters companies,
stamps.com never charges a fee to do it.
So a stamps.com you will always get the exact post did you need for any letter
or package the instant you need it,
you'll never even have to go to the post office again.
Um,
I got to tell you it's a dream.
It's a dream to not have to do that.
I've been using stamps.com for the last,
let's say,
what the hell did I start doing this?
Okay,
little over a year.
Well maybe right about a year anyways,
so it's been easy.
It's totally convenient.
I love it.
I can be in my sweatpants and my bare feets ease and sent out my DVDs.
A right now I have a special offer for you when use my last name burpee.
You are our no risk trial plus $110 bonus,
including a digital scale and up to $55 free postage.
Don't wait.
Go to stamps.com right now.
Before you do anything else,
click on the microphone at the top of the homepage and type in Burke,
uh,
that stamps.com enter Barbie.
You are are.
Um,
all right.
Sad news this week
on the podcast,
uh,
the great Earl weaver or a weaver,
right?
Ooh,
he,
I'm sorry.
He passed away a this week and uh,
he was one of my favorites.
He's a throwback coach.
Uh,
we got a great clip of him.
MMM.
He,
he's,
there's two great clips of him.
I got to find the other one was he hit the first one is when he comes out and
he's arguing,
I believe it's a buck and he's yelling at the umpire.
It
goes,
you know what,
you are out here for what God damn reason.
And the umpire is hilarious.
He goes,
why is that Earl?
And he goes to fuck us.
He's like,
ah,
that's a budget.
That's true.
You came out here to fuck us.
And you know what's great is the umpire is just so sicker.
Earl
weaver.
He's like,
ah yeah cause Earl weaver like threatened some of the guys.
Ah,
Earl,
you're not going to knock anybody on your ass.
He goes,
what are you going to do fuck up another world series?
I think he was making reference to the fact they were up three games to one
against the pirates.
I was too young.
I don't know if Earl made some bad calls with the um,
you know,
the pitchers he put it in or whatever.
I think it was more the pirates.
It was just a destiny to win that year.
But uh,
the empire literally says to do what Earl fuck up another world series.
And he said,
it was in Earl goes,
I've won more than I've lost.
And the umpire is like,
no you haven't.
No you haven't.
An Earl goes,
I'm talking about games.
Fucking hilarious.
See on Paris basically calling him out,
go and you lost more world series that you managed and then you won an Earl goes
with the technicality.
Yeah,
but I won more world series games.
It's fucking hilarious.
Um,
the,
you know,
I really hope,
I just don't think that there's going to be another guy like him this day and
age would like to actually get audio back then was so rare where nowadays I just
feel like,
mmm.
I Dunno.
They just don't go off the way they used to.
Yeah.
They would just some great ones.
And he was,
he was the best of the best,
I would say Earl weaver as far as yelling at an umpire might've been the Jordan.
Yeah.
Or,
or the Bobby Knight.
I would say
I,
Bobby Knight always came off like a baby to me.
You know,
like throwing chairs,
like a little kid throwing his toys and stuff.
He always came off like a baby to me and a phony tough guy.
Earl weaver or waiver to me just kinda came off like a,
just like a B was just like a fucking badger,
you know,
a little wolverine or something like that.
I don't know.
There was just something fucking home cause he was just a little guy.
The greatest thing about this clip is I think he walks away like four times and
every time he stops and walks back,
the crowd goes even crazier.
And it was almost like watching Hulk Hogan,
like milking a crowd right before he rips his shirt off.
It's just,
I dunno Eddie,
it's another thing that makes me feel old.
I'm the late,
great Earl weaver passes away.
So anyways,
hey,
let's check in on the Bruins and see how they're doing here.
MMM.
By the way,
this is free advertising.
It's still one to one in the second period.
I love this,
by the way,
when you can fucking,
uh,
you can watch the game.
So you get the package on the computer.
Cause I'm on the,
I got a big tour coming up.
Everybody.
I'm really excited about this and I'm a play in all these unbelievable venues.
And,
uh,
I dunno,
I get amped up for this.
Like,
fuck.
Like if I was playing sports,
you know,
gold went to all these places and just wanting to make sure,
you give people their money's worth.
I'm going to be at the Wilbur Theater,
the Wilbur,
um,
February 21st 22nd,
and I believe the 23rd,
right.
The Patrice O'Neal benefit is February 19th,
Thursdays to 24th.
Yeah,
it's February 21st 22nd and 23rd two shows a night.
Um,
oh,
and I don't know if there's tickets still available,
but I'm doing two benefits next week on the Patrice O'Neal.
One is sold out.
There is a chance that some tickets at the last,
second might be made available depending on,
uh,
we gotta make sure all family and friends get their tickets.
Um,
we set aside some,
so,
uh,
there might be some extra ones.
I'll give you guys a heads up on Twitter.
Um,
but on Monday the 18th,
I'm doing a benefit for a good friend of mine,
a Vinnie mark who's a wife,
is a battling cancer.
And,
uh,
I'm doing it at the bananas.
Hasbrouck heights.
Yeah,
I know tickets are on sale for that one.
I think that one.
What am I sold out too?
But,
uh,
just in case there are some tickets.
Both of those are wonderful causes obviously.
And then I get to go home.
My big home,
my homecoming there,
go to Wilbur Theater 21st 22nd 23rd and all the rest of the dates are up on my
website.
Uh,
in March,
um,
at the Barrymore theater of Wisconsin,
Madison,
Wisconsin,
PAPP's theater in Milwaukee,
Fountain Street church,
Grand Rapids,
Michigan on March 9th,
Royal Oak March 10th.
So those dates,
seven eight,
nine 10.
I'm going through Wisconsin and Michigan 22nd I'm in at the Egyptian room in
Indianapolis and with the state.
Third March 23rd in Minneapolis,
Minnesota.
And then I'm down the Tabernacle Tab,
Tabernacle in Atlanta,
Georgia.
April 12th more dates to come.
Um,
Philly,
DC,
Chicago with some of the ones that was top of my head.
Um,
we got some gigs in Texas.
Okay.
Whatever.
I'm going to be all over the place.
So,
oh,
also Calgary,
Edmonton and Vancouver.
I think I'm finally doing shows up there.
Speaking of hockey,
I'm like I said,
we'll be,
are we announcing them as a,
as the dates come up?
I just don't want to announce them and then not have tickets for sale.
You know what I mean?
So anyways,
back to the podcast here.
Let's read some,
uh,
let's read some questions here.
The fuck am I?
Oh,
by the way,
I think I'm going to be going to the masters again this year.
She'll be another good time here.
All right.
A response to kid wanting to move to Florida.
Hey Bill,
listening to this week's pod.
Oh,
this was from last week with a 24 year old kid who was about ready to get
married,
was sick in New York and wanting to move down to Florida.
And I was giving him some advice and he was young.
It was a good time to do it,
but,
uh,
just know that you are moving a world away from um,
Jersey and New York.
So anyways,
he says,
listen,
to let this guy says listening to this week's podcast.
And just want to throw my 2 cents about,
ah,
this kid wanting to move to Florida as I was in the exact same situation as this
guy.
I think you gave some great advice.
Thank you.
Making a big change and moving away from family,
friends,
et Cetera is a big change and it takes a while to get that same set of going
into your new place.
The only additional advice that I could give to this guy is to travel checkout
places and see what he and his girlfriend light try Chicago,
Portland,
La,
San Diego,
Austin,
et Cetera.
What was it?
Some great cities you just picked their by the way,
uh,
each have their own vibe and attitude in job markets.
You were spot on.
Uh,
with the New York northeast attitude.
I think he's talking to me now.
It's,
it's foot on the floor.
Get out of the way.
I found it to be too conference,
too confrontational and self centered I guess when he lived other places and
this guy seems to have a similar outfit.
Look,
unfortunately I think his girlfriend is right.
New York isn't going to change.
He's just going to become more bitter and if they get a house,
mortgage,
kids,
et Cetera,
I'd probably only gets worse than he feels like he's tied down to the,
the place he's in.
Like you said,
he's young enough trying to make a move and if it doesn't work,
he could move back.
I just say you should do some traveling and scout first.
At a minimum.
It gives them a break from the New York attitude and lets you clear your head
and get a perspective.
A best case he finds somewhere that seems like a fit for his and his
girlfriend's personalities.
Yeah,
that's a huge fucking thing.
You know what I mean?
You definitely want to travel around and try some shit out because if you just
go to one place,
God forbid you don't like it,
but your girl or your,
your boyfriend loves it and then you stuck there.
Uh,
I know somebody like that.
They moved to Tampa and the dude loves it and his wife is fucking miserable.
You see it on her face.
Every time I see her,
hey,
it's still kinda not liking it and she's just,
you know,
you're warming up to it a little bit.
She's just fucking shakes her head slowly and you know,
the guy's an idiot and he's like,
oh,
I don't know what a problem is.
I love it.
You know,
it's like,
I dunno how he does that.
I couldn't have,
Neil was miserable living somewhere.
You know,
once,
if you're fucking,
your girl is miserable.
That's it,
man.
You gotta get the fuck out of there.
She's going to bring that misery down on you.
All right.
Men are studs.
Women are whores.
Um,
had that conversation last week with the lovely Nia.
She says,
Bill,
my wife and I went to a marriage retreat one summer and the guest speaker said a
quote that stuck with me.
The quote was,
a key that can open many locks is called a master key.
A lot that can be opened with many key is considered useless.
Just a bit of ammunition.
The next time you get into a heated argument,
stay safe.
Go Fuck Yourself.
MMM.
I would love to say that.
I get it.
I get that quote,
but I don't get it.
As it pertains to men are studs women or horse
because uh,
I know what I was saying that the reason why if a guy goes out,
bags,
a bunch of women,
he's a stud,
he's a stud because that's a skill he has to talk all those women into bed.
He's got a warm,
he's got to seduce him.
You know,
he's got to spin them around.
The dance floor has got to tell some jokes.
He's got to spend the plates.
Women can just show up and be like,
you know,
and they can have a fucking 10 on one if they want to.
You know what I mean?
That's what I was saying.
So we says a key,
they can open many locks is considered a master key.
So I guess that that's the guy being able to talk all the broads and bed.
A lock that can be opened with many keys is considered useless.
That's where it goes off the rails for me
and fuck all you guys who are laughing at me.
I don't get it
because I dunno if you kind of look at guys,
we,
for the most part,
we will fuck anything that moves so we can also be considered useless led around
by our dicks.
You know?
I really wish if I could go back and be young again
and go back to that lady Gaga concert,
sorry.
MMM.
Oh,
there's another dumb fucking thing.
She said,
Dan annoyed me.
If you want to do subdued and people say you can't do it,
long pause.
You just roll the fuck over.
I right.
Never.
He goes fucking nuts.
And that,
that statement really bugged me.
It's like,
you know,
you're really speaking to like 20,000 people at this point.
Lady Gaga,
I know.
She think he gives,
shouldn't be painting with such a broad brush.
Don't you think he should maybe realize what the fuck some people are thinking?
What if you have a pedophile in the crowd?
You thinking of doing something and people say you shouldn't do it.
You Rama fuck over.
You know what?
I'm saying,
what are you going to a pyromaniac,
you know,
just get some,
he's got green hair and abs doesn't automatically mean they have the best of
intentions.
So why don't you fucking take you a sweaty face out from underneath all that
carpet she got wrapped around them and think about what you're talking about.
It's my computer going to crash you running out of fucking
running out of juice here.
Uh,
let's read the last advertising just in case.
he voice,
oh,
I like this.
This is awesome.
He voice he voiced is what professionals use to save time and work smarter.
He voice converts all your voicemails to texts and sends it directly to your
cell phone right there,
right there alone.
It's worth,
it's worth the price of admission.
Uh,
no interrupting your day to check your voicemail or waiting till after meeting
to find out what's going on with he voice.
Your calls will always be routed to you no matter where you are.
A voice also comes with your own conference line.
For Up to 94 participants on one single call,
the Bilderberg group could use eve voice.
Um,
it's all,
it all starts for less than $10 per month,
but right now they have a special offer for our podcast listeners.
You get ie voice for free for six months with no obligation to 10 bucks a month
is free.
Okay.
Um,
for your free six month trial,
go to www dot [inaudible] dot com and enter the Promo Code Bill B I l l e voice
can make your small business sound professional like a fortune 500 company.
They can create your own customer custom professional greeting,
ie voice provides a dial by name directory.
So you'll sound like the big boys.
It's the greatest thing ever.
If you,
if you're starting out a business or even if you already have one to just
immediately sound professionals,
the second people start talking to you,
going to your voicemail.
If it sounds like,
you know,
some run of the mill five and dime.
If it sounds cheesy,
you know,
I don't want to speak for everybody but I'm hanging up.
So,
uh,
definitely use a go to he voice.
It's $10 a month and you get the first six months for free.
I mean he really can't beat that.
Okay.
My bringing you did deals here are what?
All right,
back to the podcast.
Let me read this one before.
The whole thing crashes here.
Maybe cause I'm watching the Bruins game at the same time as that's what's
sucking away all the energy.
Still one to one after two
Marshawn during the interview.
Hope and he comes on.
This year is a little off.
Last year.
Is it me?
What does it mean?
He had a kind of an off year,
a relationship advice for a lady.
Um,
oh wait,
I skipped one.
Now let's do the lady one herring.
Fucking trash.
And Lady Gaga.
Let's,
let's try to help out one of the broads there.
Um,
I'm emailing you tonight with the hopes of,
of saving my relationship.
Yes,
that's right.
Bill Burr.
You just might be the savior to the only thing that truly matters to me.
Oh,
okay.
Great.
No pressure here.
Um,
please,
if you do so if you care about before.
Okay.
I met my boyfriend and a Blah in 2010.
Yes,
a shitty college bar in shipment iceberg,
Pennsylvania.
If you were to ask any former or current student from ship,
what's the best bar in ship?
They tell you this place and rave abar it as if it was the fucking Taj Mahal
Mahal.
Uh,
the fact that our story began in this place might be an indication that there is
something seriously bizarre about our relationship.
But I assure you are pretty normal people now meeting to meeting somebody when
you're college age.
If you're in a college bar and you can this still,
you still drafted in the first round,
you know what I mean?
Everybody's 2122 you meet some broadened a bar at fucking,
you know,
28 29 you know,
that's where you know,
you're trying to find that,
you know,
I dunno that diamond in the rough and the fucking six round.
That's like the fourth round by then once you get in the 30s that's just like,
you know,
supplemental draft.
Anyways,
in the past two and a half years I,
I've met,
I have known and have been with him.
He has been an avid fan of yours.
I took him to a show of yours at the tower theater and Upper Darby and we hope
we hopped in the front of the line for the meet and greet where he proceeded to.
Thank you for having him as if you've personally invited him.
I have.
I have yet to let his star struck moment go.
It's something we still laugh at all the time.
All that's great.
You break his balls.
Good.
You're a hot shit.
Um,
he's the writer of the whore fiance email that you write an email of what Jesus
Christ.
Enough with the fucking detail.
Here we go.
I am hoping that you help me with this.
I'm so incredibly in love with this man.
We are currently,
we currently live together,
but our lease is almost up.
We both been battling some issues lately and my pathetic bout of depression is
killing the relationship already planned on working on things I know I need to,
but what else can I do to show him that I really will do anything for him?
I know actions speak louder than words,
but I can not prove a complete turnaround overnight.
Especially,
especially since he has already been moving his things out.
Oh,
he's already moving out.
Jesus Christ.
You got me here at the point where it's,
you know,
clip the fucking red wire or the green wire.
I'll honestly do whatever it takes to save our relationship.
He means the world to me.
What can I do to show him that if he just gives me a chance,
I will fix this and do whatever it takes to be there for them.
Uh,
this is an absolute act of desperation.
Bill.
I'm at my wit's end.
I'd appreciate your advice.
Well,
I would tell him what you just told me,
that you're willing to do that and you might have to let him
move out.
Um,
listen,
if you're at a level of depression that it's affecting your relationship
with someone that you,
you seem to,
you're saying you absolutely love to death,
then you really do need to work on yourself.
And unfortunately you might have to let this guy go while you get your shit
together.
You know what I mean?
Um,
but
it doesn't mean you just let the guy go without telling them how you feel.
I would tell him what you told me and then just say that you go,
you are going to work on yourself.
You'd appreciate it that he would,
if he would stay with you during this process,
but I don't know how long he's been dealing with that.
It seems that the guys already moving out that he's,
he needs a break from it and that could be a good thing.
But,
uh,
I dunno.
I Dunno.
Fucking depressed.
You are clinical.
I don't know what the F I can't deal with that,
but a few do you feel like me and you suffer from bouts of depression.
You have to figure out how your mind works so you can feel yourself going into
one.
You can talk yourself out of it.
But uh,
yeah,
it was that awful.
I mean,
like I said,
it's not like it's the beginning of this,
this,
this dude is literally taken his fucking posters down off the wall.
Uh,
you know,
as you're giving this speech,
there's going to be an echo in your apartment because he's more ads just
pressing,
sorry,
I'm gonna fucking steer right into it.
Listen,
just tell the fucking guy how you feel and tell him you going to work on
yourself and don't,
don't have that.
Just be lip service.
Actually go out and do it.
Go to therapy.
Figure yourself out.
Okay.
And you might have to fucking lose this guy and you might have to fuck this
thing up and it'll,
it's part of the journey that for some fucking reason,
yeah,
this is the hand you've been dealt and hopefully you come out the other side,
but you're not going to if you don't work on yourself.
Um,
and that's it.
All right.
I hope everything works out for you.
God bless you.
There we go.
And with that,
I think I'm out of shit to read this week.
MMM.
All right.
How can I,
how can I wrap this fucking thing off?
Yeah.
Sat there,
Piss,
Moan and complain.
And really,
Bill,
you went to a lady Gaga concert and you didn't fucking enjoy it.
MMM.
Let's do this.
My new favorite thing to do.
Check in what science?
The next dumb thing scientists are doing.
These fucking egg heads are doing all right.
This is the latest thing.
Russia,
the United States and Great Britain are facing off.
Isn't that great?
Why would they ever work together?
Oh,
okay.
That's another thing about that Lance Armstrong Shit.
I hate when people like that.
Rick Riley will you like,
oh,
why do I tell my kids?
It's like,
why don't you tell him the fucking truth?
Why don't you tell them what you saw?
That there's a certain level of of power and fame and wealth that you get to
the level of temptation at that the level of fucking pussy that you can get at
that level will cause you to shoot fucking horse tranquilizers into your ass so
you can win on a fucking bicycle.
You know?
Why don't you just tell him that?
Start with that and go right into the fact that there's no Santa Claus.
Yeah,
just what?
Why did,
why do,
I guess because you love your kids and you want to keep him innocent and that
type of thing and you want to shelter them from that,
which I totally respect.
But in the end when it finally comes out and they're seeing it,
you,
you gotta,
you gotta give them a dose of reality.
And I don't think parents do that,
which is why you have guys like Rick Riley who,
who's still walking around like a little kid hurt.
Like he just found out there's no Santa Claus.
It's like,
how fucking long you've been rubbing elbows with athletes.
I don't even by Rick Riley's fucking hurt.
I don't,
I don't buy it.
The shit that those sports writers say,
you know,
all this stuff that they've been around,
all the ego maniacs,
all that shit,
all the horn around on the wives,
the corked bats,
the fucking steroids,
all of that fucking shit.
How many fucking guys have to fall before?
You're not surprised anymore.
I,
I don't get it.
So anyways,
plowing ahead here.
Russia,
the United States and Great Britain are facing off rather than working together.
And this cold war is set in the coldest place on earth.
A trio of teams from three countries have spent years planning,
drilling and digging in a race to reach one handful of fresh water lakes buried
up to a mile and a half beneath art.
Antarctica is trillion tons of ice.
Why are they doing it?
Same fucking reason.
Lance took his drugs cause there's pussy at the end of that rainbow.
Uh,
there's money.
All right.
And whores love money and nobody fucks you better than a whore.
And these scientists,
they want to get some of that.
They want to get some of that fucking blue label that Johnnie Walker Blue Pussy
before they,
they just,
they,
I dunno,
they have an aneurism and fall face first into a fucking petri dish.
Drown in a petri dish.
Anyways,
the studies hopes to find new life forms in pitch dark,
freezing,
uh,
pitch dark,
freezing water that I've never seen the sunlight.
Well that's good.
That's good.
So you're going to drill down there and maybe some sunlight in and maybe,
maybe we can kill what lives down there.
Yeah.
Know,
I just don't understand why.
How long isn't it?
Is Science going to fuck with nature of just
leave it alone,
let the mosquitoes kill us.
This is why mosquitoes fly around the fucking a flyer on the world,
but fucking are all around the world with diseases to kill us because if they
don't,
this is the shit we're going to do.
We're going to go to the bottom of the planet and explore,
expose this pristine lake.
Can't you just leave it alone?
You're fucking egg headed conch.
What is there to gain?
Why do we need to know what's down there?
I Dunno.
You know,
I don't get these sites.
It's like didn't,
didn't they see the thing?
I hope there really is something down there that just completely wiped them out,
but yet it wouldn't work.
We'd just go down there.
We'd hunt it down,
you know,
stick it in a circus and make it ride a bicycle with a muzzle on
and then act surprised one day when it just fucking makes a left turn on the
bike and just starts fucking doing that grizzly bear bitch.
Slap breaking people's fucking necks.
I root for animals when they attack people.
I really do.
You know,
unless it's,
it's somebody that's innocent,
you know,
by innocent,
I mean you're,
you're a a,
you're not an adult.
If you're a kid and you don't know any fucking better,
obviously,
you know,
or you're old and you wanted to get the fuck away from it,
but you're too slow.
Then I root for the human being.
But you know,
remember that girl who leaned up against the bear cage to take a picture and the
fucking bear was like trying to pull her into the cage and she couldn't fucking
move,
you know?
And she starts going gag gun.
Aw,
the lovely Nia.
Everybody.
Hello?
Hello.
So Nia was telling everybody about
a,
the lady Gaga concert.
Okay.
Yeah.
Did you,
did you enjoy it?
Hello?
Ah,
forget it.
Do you have that other microphone,
by the way?
If you want to fucking come on this thing.
Oh,
that's all right.
Well,
I mean,
I'm almost at the end of the podcast anyways.
I'm,
I'm like 59 minutes,
almost an hour into this fucker.
You want to come on?
Yeah.
Why don't you just sit right here.
We use the same microphone like were some of the backup singers at Lady Gaga.
I was.
Hi Cleo.
All right,
let's let's,
there's people sitting here right now wanting entertainment.
Okay.
I was sitting on a fucking couch together while you pet the dog is not going to
work.
You know what?
Go get another microphone.
Let's,
let's,
let's look at this.
This is cozy.
This is good.
Yeah,
but cozy isn't funny.
Go,
go,
go get the other microphone.
Get up.
I want it.
Yeah,
cause I've been telling people how much I enjoyed the lady Gaga concert.
Why are you lying?
Oh,
did you pick up that energy from me?
Say Low way with someone's daughter.
Sorry.
We've been listening to a lot of Van Halen lately.
Cleo.
This is what's known as a giant low.
Now,
if I was lady Gaga right now,
I could just sit here staring up at the fucking ceiling and everybody would be
cheering,
but that's not how a podcast works.
Okay?
We got my dog's teeth cleaned the other day.
She's got a problem with their fucking teeth.
Has Ginger vitis so they had to put her under and uh,
we picked her up at the vet and she was still high and whenever they gave her,
she had these crazy fucking eyes.
It really freaked me out.
And actually for half a second I was sitting there going like,
you know,
all that stuff they say about pit bulls,
how they are nuts.
And they just,
they just fucking snap out of nowhere if ever I thought that that was actually,
well,
I just got saved by the bell.
You would just trashing me somehow.
That wasn't recording.
Let's go back to this.
So,
so evidently I,
okay.
I haven't done only what you're saying.
I ruined this then we got,
it was literally you just sitting down.
Oh,
this is such a tragedy.
You just,
well,
you were hammering me.
Well,
there's no shortage of irritation from last night so we can retell the story.
Yeah.
What do you want to know?
I thought I,
I thought you,
I know I,
those I know sort of ruined it.
You didn't ruin it.
I actually,
I woke up three times,
only yelled out three times.
You know what,
when I do the bitch please podcast,
which will be happening soon,
by the way,
I need to talk about,
you know what,
I'm going to save it because last night was a perfect example of,
you know,
women need to realize their,
their,
their boyfriends strengths and weaknesses.
And I knew,
I knew that this sort of thing was going to be a weakness and I should have
listened to that instinct.
Okay.
But anyway,
the point is,
I went there and I got more drunk.
You were drunk as a skunk.
All right,
let's start from the beginning.
Okay?
But I want you to know this.
I want you to know this.
I'm not saying I'm innocent.
I need you to,
no,
you don't need to.
I don't need to hear anything,
right?
And I went there,
I wanted to have a good time.
I was like,
yes I did.
Cause you would have tried if you,
but you didn't because it's like,
hey man,
she fucking rode a horse out of a vagina.
That was,
no,
that was something different.
She came out of a vagina and it's just ridiculous to talk about.
It was the,
it was the spinal tap.
Oh No.
I mean it was the gayest thing ever,
but it was,
I mean I thought it was fantastic.
It was every okay musical theater,
crazy artsy kind of fantasy rolled into one.
It was completely over the top and completely ridiculous.
But it was so much fun.
I had a great time.
No,
what happened is this,
I'm the worst.
You came,
you came home.
What happened was your garage as a bailed on you bailed on you.
Okay.
Bad fit for that team.
Well,
no,
I never went to Howard with the Lakers.
Once we got tickets and I realize how much they were,
I asked a couple people and they,
you know,
weren't able to do it for various reasons.
Nobody bailed.
No one said to me,
yes,
I'm definitely going.
Cause we didn't have definite tickets until the last minute.
So you come back from watching the pats and the ravens.
Yeah.
Very good.
Um,
I walked down the street.
I was drunk.
Yeah,
you came while you were drunk.
You told me you had pounded six beers and you were sloppy and you were sliding
around on the hardwood floor on your,
your stocks,
probably seven or eight.
It's trying to find,
yeah,
exactly.
Trying to find your shoes,
which took half an hour for some strange reason.
Didn't 10 an hour.
Yeah.
I'm trying to do what you do,
which is to make it funny.
All right.
You're such a fucking hypocrite on your own damn podcast.
It's like you want to live in this world where it's like all your,
your rules and then someone comes in and tries to do a little bit of it and
you're not having it.
Look,
I gotta be honest with you.
It is my podcast.
So it is my fucking rules.
But when I said that it didn't take a half hour,
that was,
it wasn't coming from,
I was coming from me being embarrassed,
like,
oh,
was I,
you should be embarrassed because you were embarrassed.
Okay.
So then we got into a cab.
Tell the story.
What did I say when I,
when I,
when I went into this and I saw the women over there,
we're walking up to,
to try to find,
we'll call and there was just a group of girls standing,
talking to each other about to go in or whatever and you just go,
okay,
really loud.
I remember that.
That was fun.
Apropos of nothing apropos.
No
their horse shoes on.
What are we not supposed to say?
Something you all,
you're not supposed to say anything.
You shut your fucking mouth.
Some fucking attention.
I just forgot the guy park in the cab.
So we're in the cab way worse in,
in traffic or something cause you bill's drunk.
Wherever.
I plan on having drinks of this thing.
So we're taking cab and being responsible and this,
this young white guy who's homeless who comes up with this side.
Do you remember this?
And the sign said smiles are free.
Can you just get a job?
You fucking bomb.
Yeah.
I'm reverse racist when it comes to homeless people.
White,
Male,
fucking heterosexual.
There's no reason for you to be homeless.
Poverty affects a lot of different people.
Bill,
not just the way lady Gaga Gaga,
wait,
done that.
She would've been like poverty and looked up at the ceiling
affects everyone.
So you're saying because he's like a white male age this to this.
It's like why are you you,
you've kind of,
you're already set up for so called success and that's why what,
you know what we're getting,
we're getting past the point anyway.
We get in there and then you do your,
you do your ladies thing.
What if it were that simple?
He w
yeah,
like tapping out of this.
You can kick ass.
Don't do that.
Don't be like that.
Listen,
there's a reason why the expression bum exists.
You're a bum.
There's,
there's,
uh,
the reason why that word came up is because there's people out there who are
bumps.
Okay?
Smiles are free.
First of all,
he's a hack.
He didn't come up with that.
It's nothing fucking original.
He's not thinking outside the box.
To me,
this guy needs to,
he needs to challenge himself.
I mean,
you think I liked getting heckled on stage.
I go up there to make you fucking laugh.
Forget about your problems that go on stage.
Hey,
go fuck yourself.
You read at a con I to deal with that.
This guy should be walking up and down the street with his stupid sign.
He doesn't get heckled.
Can we go back to the lady Gaga thing?
Sure.
I'm at,
I know I brought it up.
I shouldn't have because I'm already annoyed with you.
Okay.
Oh really?
So anyway,
we get into the show and what else happened?
What?
I said,
why did I have you wanted to get better?
I was having a good time.
Good Berate me.
Think people should be berated.
You deserve to be berated after the things that you pulled last night.
Then as we're in the concert at various times,
you go,
Jay,
there's fucking cry.
Oh,
what the fuck?
Fucking the self help horse shit.
Oh,
it's driving me fucking nuts.
Nia.
She was doing that after every fucking song and I only said Jesus fucking Christ
three times.
It was a fucking two hour fucking concert.
You actually only said at once.
I was exaggerating.
Okay.
So I only said at one fucking time and the whole time I'll go and do not ruin
this for Nia.
Well,
guess what?
You failed.
What?
John?
My God,
epic fail.
I got to tell you something.
Let me tell you,
don't like something you are going to do.
You know what?
I took you there.
Why did you?
Because I love you.
That's why I knew it was fucking important to you.
And I knew that you were bummed that your friend bail.
And I said I was gonna fucking go.
Should I had eight bud wives before I went there?
No,
but even in my drunken stupor,
yelling at white homeless people and those fucking girls with the horse shoes,
I still only said Jesus fucking Christ in two and a half fucking hours watching
somebody pulling plants out of the fucking crowd,
ripping off Madonna who couldn't really even fucking dance coming out of a
castle and a fucking vagina.
I always said,
I said,
Jesus fucking Christ.
Three times,
that's pretty fucking shouldn't have gone then.
You should not have gone.
And I said to you beforehand,
why are you doing this?
You know,
this is not your thing.
You want to do Gaga.
When she was at the Wiltern and no one would go and man,
you brought and no one will go through and maybe me feel bad and you fucking
been bringing it up for four fucking years.
And I was like,
God damn it,
she's going to see it this time and I'm going to go there.
And it had I not had an eight fucking Budweiser's,
I just would have rolled my eyes and said,
Jesus fucking Christ.
Okay.
But the problem with Lady Gaga is no one in her fucking circle is going,
Jesus fucking Christ.
Of course not.
She's a huge pop star,
right?
Well,
you know what is,
it's very easy actually helping routes to say,
oh,
right.
It's like she needs your fucking house.
Are you kidding me?
That whole place.
Great with a seat.
The seats were amazing.
I got great pictures.
No,
I had a great time.
But like I said,
I will discuss this on my own podcast.
The bitch please podcasts.
Um,
can I get a little bit of credit?
Jesus fucking Christ.
Only three times what I saw at once.
Okay.
I said it one fucking time watching that spinal tap shit didn't even need to say
it at all.
I said to you,
don't come.
If it's going to be something where you're going to be rolling your eyes and
being obnoxious and what happened?
You came and you were obnoxious.
You don't even remember.
You were like,
I wasn't drug.
What are you talking about?
You don't even reply or half this shit.
I'm telling you it for the phrase how I remember it.
It doesn't matter how you remember your two drunks or am I writing up for the
first song?
By the second song I was sitting down and I was like,
I don't care.
It doesn't matter if you're sitting down and I was like,
wait a minute,
I don't want to,
I don't want to ruin this for it.
And I stood back up.
At one point I was texting with a friend of mine about the game and you said,
who are you texting too?
Yeah,
that's the longest text I've ever seen and I was fucking breaking down the game
and I was letting you enjoy the fucking,
the thing that I did.
Enjoy it.
Okay,
enjoy it.
But
I used to listen to my instincts on that one,
which is what?
That you shouldn't have gone.
All right,
well fuck it then.
I tried.
I tried and tried and failed miserably.
I thought you were having a good time.
I was having the time,
but you didn't know.
There were moments where I was just like,
yeah,
you know something.
What's,
you should have listened to your instincts.
Listen to this podcast.
Know better than go to a lady Gaga concert with me.
They know better than that.
I know.
I know now I did.
You know those tickets?
We're not fucking cheap.
They were not.
They were not cheap and I fucking went there and I put some fucking money in
that broads fucking pockets and after the fifth fucking hour of her,
of her self help horseshit and then claiming that everybody said that you
couldn't bring the gay underground and the mainstream when fucking it it.
It hasn't been underground.
Underground for forever.
Yes.
Well,
they make sitcoms about gay guys.
They said will and grace to fucking modern family.
That show that's ripping off modern family.
That fucking gay black dude on the Tyra banks show was the chandelier on his
fucking head.
The other one with the silver hair,
it's not underground anymore.
You try to describe things that you don't know the names of his next top model.
Fantastic.
America's next top.
My America's next top model.
Take that fucking guy there.
Who,
who like you know the j?
Yeah,
that dude and Mister Jay Master Jay has,
let me tell you something.
That hair,
if that fucking guy was on TV when I was growing up,
they would have been fucking like,
oh.
Like they wouldn't be like what?
They couldn't believe it if he was just like,
ah,
like,
or if there was anybody openly gay when I was growing like it's,
it's over.
Nobody gives a fuck anymore and they shouldn't.
Okay.
It's,
it's like a,
I can't explain.
I can't explain for her to claim that like what I watched last night.
All right.
And no way.
I guess if she was in Nebraska that would be shocked.
But I watched that shit and none of it was shocking to me and I was just sort of
looking at it going like,
she's fucking ripping Madonna off brutally.
Yeah.
But when she came in on that black horse though,
that was like,
I stopped in my tracks.
We hadn't even gotten to our seats yet and I was like,
what I got
because I really don't want anything that's going to continue to disappoint.
This is actually making the mail.
This is going to make fun of me though.
Yeah.
I was so drunk at that point when I brought up the horse on the podcast,
there was part of me going.
Now was that a horse or is that two people in the horse?
You know when you're hanging under the guise waste and then you walk in,
you know the Horse Costume,
you know horse costume back like is the ass and somebody who's at the front.
Yeah,
I couldn't and it off.
It was two guys on like stilts now as an actual horse.
It was an actual horse.
Beautiful horse.
Poor fucking horse.
I know it was on the road back habit everywhere with them.
Maybe it's a different horse and every city they planned it out and she was
like,
I need to have a black stallion.
Alright,
sure.
Everywhere we're,
no,
they brought that horse.
You have to have a horse that isn't going to freak out with a bunch of shirtless
people.
Gyrating all,
oh God.
What about the girl who's just completely naked?
She goes,
it goes,
give it up naked mermaid and then they just show this girl,
just God,
God.
I said,
are you over 18 he says,
okay,
good.
All right,
well she had her tits out.
Yeah,
that was funny.
And I laughed.
I laughed.
No,
Nia,
I swear to God.
In my heart of hearts,
I came there to be entertained.
You know what?
I believe you because I know you.
I believe that you the of course,
the only reason why you,
you build bird would ever go to a lady Gaga concert is because you love me.
I know that because there is no way in hell you would ever do that for anyone
else.
Never.
No.
And she can sing.
She like she,
she say she can sing lives with drummer was the shit I had.
My God,
that drummer was awesome to Betty was in the dungeon.
You couldn't even see
that guy was fucking,
oh I get it.
I know you have good intentions but that's,
that's my point though.
You,
I as someone who is in a relationship and has known you for a long time,
like I need to understand your limitations and as much as you might have good
intentions,
I have some sort of special needs,
special needs.
You are my special.
Nice.
You have good intentions
and I need to recognize that in you and be like,
oh he can't go to this.
Cause he won't.
He won't know how to ads.
So it's fine.
But I appreciate you.
You got take it to me.
I will go to that shit again and this time I will be stoned,
fucking sober and I won't yell out Jesus fucking Christ.
I wish I knew what the fuck she said when she said it.
And I swear to God it would have been.
I would be,
I would be vindicated.
I just don't have that evidence cause I don't remember it.
Okay,
wow.
Whatever.
All right,
whatever.
That's the podcast for this week.
Okay.
Can we talk about my podcast?
Yeah.
What about your podcast?
Whatever now you get is going to shit all over.
Miss going to be more of an extension of this,
except I won't be there to defend myself.
He exactly perfect.
Then I'll be listening.
Oh
no I'm not.
I'm really trying not to do like the female bill burr.
That's not what I'm going for.
What is it?
What you like can't do.
This is
what you do is just do a 10 minute one.
There were 15 minute one.
You just build it up and you just naturally figure out which way it's going to
go and that's what you do and then you know there'll be people from this podcast
that we'll go over there and then.
Then there'll be people from this podcast.
Well it's too much like this.
I'm not into that,
so some of them won't.
But other people you're pulling,
you're pulling your own crop.
I have to be like lady Gaga and not have any fucks to give.
Yeah,
you don't give a fuck.
But I liked that part of it because all this week I've been dealing with a bunch
of other stuff and it's like,
yeah,
you really can't give a fuck sometimes.
So that was my takeaway from it.
I had an awesome time in that concept.
Thank you for getting sick eds.
I really appreciate it.
It,
it was so much fun.
You know how much it meant to me.
But when her next album comes out and I go to the next show because I plan on
going in the next show because I had that much fun.
You are not coming.
Okay.
And I'll take care of it on my own.
I'll find somebody else and I agree saying this to me like there's going to be a
debate and you are not allowed to go away.
Now I feel like a Douche.
I'm almost a 45 year old guy and I'm sitting there shitting on a God damn pop
star.
Good for her.
God bless you.
Sell at the fucking staple center when there's no music industry anymore.
It's an amazing accomplishment that she did it and yeah,
she's not trying to appeal to some guy,
a 45 year old guy who just drank eight Budweiser watching AFC championship game.
Yeah,
you are not exactly sure.
What was the show?
Not In your wheelhouse.
Wow.
What an edgy comedian who you're going to tech next week,
but whatever that new boy band is that did the drew Brees commercial.
Right.
Well anyway,
anyways,
I really hope everyone listening.
I put it on Twitter and stuff,
but like I'm starting to basically use podcast soon.
Just giving you a hand.
Thank you.
And I emailed me questions.
I'm making it an an advice show.
You stopped doing that nauseous.
Yeah,
it is just like your whole demeanor last night.
So make sure you email me some questions.
I'm doing an advice show.
Can they email you the bitch please?
Park had the uh,
email address is tender headed films@gmail.com tender headed.
Phil's.
Spell it.
G mail dot.
My followers.
D e n d e r h e a d e d f,
I l m s@gmail.com.
Okay.
And email.
Any questions?
Big or small?
I'm so ready to do it.
I like giving advice.
It's fun.
So send them my way.
Okay.
All right.
Now before you read your emails,
put on your Tufts skin suit.
Yes.
Cause there's a lot of tough Pete.
There's some of the toughest typers you've ever seen it.
Oh yeah.
They're real real brain.
All those guys on Twitter,
on the inner,
Ooh,
some of the toughest typing I've ever read.
I know Twitter feeds my fingers actually quiver when I go to hit and block.
All right.
Everybody hope you enjoy it.
Yes.
Evidently I'm a drunk old conch and my apologies to lady Gaga.
God bless you.
Continued success.
Uh,
and I really believe now that that guy with the green hair that he pulled out of
the,
she pulled out of the crowd that knew all the dance routines was actually just
some fucking guy was such a big fucking fed that he knew everything and knew
when to go into the castle through the vagina.
God bless you.
Go Fuck Yourself.
I'll talk to you next week.